yeah be doing nothing this video I try
and speed run and beat Minecraft while
my friend tries to stop me he is a
juggernaut he gets full diamond armor
and a diamond sword can I beat the game
before I'm stopped we're about to find
out also only a small percentage of
people that watch my videos are actually
subscribed so if you end up enjoying
this video consider subscribing you can
always change your mind
enjoy the video are you ready to die
you're probably gonna kill me but one
slaughter you you're gonna die because I
can't freeze you I need 30 seconds
because 40 I'll give you 40 mm-hmm so
one advantage I have is that you don't
have 20 that's good 20 21 be 9:30 ready
or not I'm taking my time
I'm just methodically you die look at
this crap you mention I'm taking this
bream yeah I know you didn't go in this
stupid water I didn't not go in anyone
in the water you might have didn't go in
any water actually hugs the compass is
just pointing towards the water I've
been waiting to kill you for a long long
time are you I am nowhere go up this
mountain there's a village drink you're
so lucky
hey I don't even know what village
you're talking about as a matter of fact
yeah okay when sailing you just we ran
through this village I know you then
beam any poo my love are you in a swamp
right now wait I shouldn't tell you then
you'll get like a little heads up I
don't know are you laughing you see me
you see me I'm here I know yeah you
can't hide in the sand by I'm your
little green bodies in a poke out really
easy please leave me alone leave me
alone be me I don't see you now huh
oh there's oh I know oh my god what the
heck I'm either like stop this now found
something that you I found something
that you would do I see you come here
what are you doing at this lava pit you
don't need
you don't need this I do need no no you
don't please leave me alone please just
leave me alone leave me alone leave me
alone
I'm gonna kill you you're gonna die bad
please please please please Sameer come
here come on
only a few swipes of this don't look
back at me
you're lucky I got like nervous my thumb
home
Oh God the bag oh no you you're in water
if you died a skeleton that counts right
yes my dad get them skeletons ah are you
the smartest one where do you make a
boat I see you I can see that beautiful
little green body and sticks out in this
blue water are you gonna go get out of
the boat it's not gonna help ya break
the bow break the bow break up break the
bow please man please come here
please please come on oh you're actually
joking dream yeah be done nothing
what is that why couldn't I get in it
why can't I get in the bow with you I
don't know Peter I'm not sure
oh my god get him get him get him guys
why can I swim oh my god we're getting
so lucky you know this right no Edie be
my mom on your tail I'm on your tail I
see you oh this is horrible
what he's scared of you I'm scared of
you there's nothing to be scared of them
we're friends yeah not in this you're
gonna die regardless doesn't matter if
it's day or night you know I do have a
little surprise for you next time johner
surprise why would I tell you oh oh
you're done you're literally dead I have
so many surprises for you well I'm gonna
have a fun time with you oh you don't
understand how dead you are you better
get full iron armor right now otherwise
you are dead though did you go across
the ocean I did well by him are you in I
am in a desert biome uh-huh nice lie how
long does it take me to look at the
bottom your hand and tell me what it is
a long time
I'm on the hunt again
you're literally done
what but anyway how do you do
what did you do you meet a loop-de-loop
didn't you what do you mean beat a
loop-de-loop
I made no loop-d-loop
hit me with the loop-d-loop didn't you
what oh yes then like I glad I landed
right next to you like how I mean you
have diamond armor so it should be easy
for you but it seems like you got
yourself so much time with that little
shenanigan Sapna I'm gonna kill you both
oh you're owning me you're gonna win
yeah okay first in you how dead you are
next time I feel like whoa I was kind of
toying with you I was like look at this
new there's no armor wait what Bob line
no way you didn't find anything about
the spider poison spiders aren't you get
your first a little bit iron okay gonna
die and this is epic is this even useful
to me there isn't it's not useful to me
but this is epic what is it tell me it's
a mushroom biome not a mushroom bike
upin huh it's a mr. Foyle I'm telling
you how to fault that I'm telling you
it's a mushroom by myself I found a
mushroom that doesn't exist
I found a mushroom biome in its epic I
know you're I know you're at that lava
pit I'm not stupid dude it up huh it did
beam off where did you actually go this
kind of ridiculous
I don't if I die again two minutes
no are you seriously getting to the
nether already that's ridiculous
you're moving too fast you're moving too
fast hmm juggling I'm struggling a
little bit
did you accidentally pour all the water
on on the lava
I have no lava to work with no really
when do something that's silly how far
did you go I went pretty far dude well
those stupid trying guys shot my boat
down oh my god
[Music]
lying about the steep evolution but I
know you saw it didn't never just gone
in that ravine you just played it safe
loli dumped in the revealing I feel like
I'm getting close now I'm really close
actually what do you mean I'm really
close
howdy would you know that you wouldn't
even know wouldn't know I'm really close
I know I'm close oh yeah I know I'm
close why the reason this is focus on
you you do you
why would I lie about that
this obviously you'd want to live on
that I want me to know your whereabouts
oh I'm close totally close now wait
I left I'm getting trolled the game is
trolling me be doing here we going I'm
gonna go to land you stay on the boat
right there okay okay okay okay you
don't know I don't I don't see you
stopping I'm gonna see you stopping why
would I Oh
[Music]
oh yeah that's really gonna get me but
yeah that's really gonna get me this
okay
Oh God
we're here please do you haven't showed
you my surprise
premiere
you're so close I can lit up your feet
in my mouth here you're drowning
here
leave me alone dream come here No
yes you're joking
how'd you how how did you make another
one oh my god
you didn't stop it silent did you I'd be
very dumb you're not breaking gravel are
you how would you be doing that I'm a
genius
I'm a genius I'm a genius what what what
hey you're so annoying you're dead Oh oh
my god where did you go nice one you
know I want to take care of me they're
my ocean depths uh-huh
oh I see
where did you go what do you mean I like
had you where are you oh snap snap oh
yeah where did you go they got fall for
your shenanigans fine
they keep living what's your secret no
what do you mean no no I'm getting rekt
I don't even know where your portal it
is I'm in a good place I like where I am
right now I pulled off in like an
amazing Trek and that's great
you're not gonna ring I am gonna win
against you in full time and that's
insane look don't get too overzealous
you're the one overzealous here at
starting this video saying like well
there's nowhere you win
there's still no way you ain't look I
just don't understand how its portals so
fast
you already make it just i'm just speedy
what do you mean did I already make it
already make it what do you mean that I
already make it you already made it
didn't you when you're doing the hot
stuff that that's why you weren't
looking for lava
oh my god where did you make it them
that's stupid ravine you know how lucky
or I can't - w-well even if you find the
ravine oh I didn't make a oh okay nice
Oh
[Music]
understand how many underwater ravines
I've been checking every single one I
see it's cuz you're not gonna find it I
didn't do it in under water rain I just
was lost
mmm that was stupid
this was stupid
oh I don't know why I did that that was
so risky
I was so risky you're gonna kill me
you're at the portal what you're through
the portal
there's cobblestone you broke blogs
didn't put the water points on the
cobblestone through to the other side
you're there you're you are there the
cobblestone is later on right there
there's no way that cobblestone is there
there's no no way my god please I just
want to talk to you I want to talk to
you oh my god oh my god where you going
oh my god where are you going Oh God
where are you going no where are you
going running please delay the
inevitable
oh my god how did you find it detected
how did you find it
where'd you go dream the compass doesn't
work in the nether does it you see me
where did you go
the dream gonna be in this netherrack
hiding would you we're really not you're
not hiding here early you're not hiding
inside this you would never would you
I'm not hiding anywhere
oh yeah
[Music]
the reason why I'm not hiding I won't
hurt you
another eyes why'd you say you're dumb
because the compass is just spinning so
I thought you were underneath me no this
just doesn't work at the nether explain
that look I'm a first-timer let's come
back eventually I don't have to go
looking for you you're gonna come right
to me what are you doing right now then
looking for you
well you're not gonna find me what am I
supposed to do sit here and wait that's
how I said where did you go then give me
a hint the hint is that you're never
gonna find me
not a good hand
where are you are you coming to get me
or not you would do that good boy I
think I'm gonna fall for your stupid
trick twice
[Music]
running you might want to use this on
you so what you just pearl
[Music]
yes No yeah yes sometimes things like
that happen guys anyway this video is
sponsored by Dream Darkon HQ net
Skyblock origins is their amazing sky
block realm that recently reset so
everyone has a chance to win cash prizes
and what's really awesome is that
every single week they consistently
release a new update so you never get
bored of playing on the server and as a
little bonus I'll be online right after
this videos up to meet you guys and if
you want a free rank on the server use
the code Kol dream on the store for a
free Kol rank again the IP is dream dark
on HQ net see you guys in a couple days